Documentation modifications (#46)
CESARBR/knot-documentation: doc/thing/thing-create-app.rst

    ``loop()`` function must NOT be blocking.

On ``setup()`` you can register your sensors/actuators using `knot_data_register() <thing-api.html#knot-data-register>`_ and configures which events should send data to cloud with `knot_data_config() <thing-api.html#knot-data-config>`_.

> For each registered sensor/actuator you may want to create a ``changed_cb`` or ``pool_cb`` function, this function are passed as callback on `register <thing-api.html#knot-data-register>`_ function.

Author: @ramonhpr done!

    ``loop()`` function must NOT be blocking.

> On ``setup()`` you can register your sensors/actuators using `knot_data_register() <thing-api.html#knot-data-register>`_ and configures which events should send data to cloud with `knot_data_config() <thing-api.html#knot-data-config>`_.

Author: Done!

> For each registered sensor/actuator you may want to create a ``write_cb`` or ``read_cb`` function, this function are passed as callback on `register <thing-api.html#knot-data-register>`_ function.

Reviewer: Same as before! The changes you made seem good :smile: 

Though, there are a few grammar mistakes that you may want to consider fixing: 

1. `function, this function... `: `this` is a **singular** proximal demonstrative pronoun. I believe the phrase means to refer to both `write_cb` and `read_cb`; therefore, one of the possible corrections would be `function, these functions...`.
2. Also in `function, this functions...`: the comma shouldn't be there ((you can find some rules on comma usage [here](https://www.businessinsider.com/a-guide-to-proper-comma-use-2013-9)). A more suitable alternative would be `function. These functions are then passed as callbacks on...`. If you really must use a comma, then the phrasing should change to something like `function, which will be passed as callbacks on...`

Author: Done!

   - type_id = KNOT_TYPE_ID_SWITCH;
   - value_type = KNOT_VALUE_TYPE_BOOL;
   - unit = KNOT_UNIT_NOT_APPLICABLE;
   - variable_address = &led;
   - variable_size = sizeof(led);
   - write_cb = write_led;
   - read_cb = NULL;

And it is configured to send message to Cloud every time the value changes.

 - ``write_cb``: This function is used to write in the actuator the value of

>    the associated variable. It is executed after variable value is updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   the associated variable. It is executed after the variable value is updated remotely.
```

>  - ``read_cb``: This function is used to write in variable the value readed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - ``read_cb``: This function is used to write the value read from the sensor into the variable
```
